Use named font sizes instead of values in px (#2533)
woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block: docs/contributors/coding-guidelines.md

### Accessible font sizes

> Font sizes must be defined using the `font-size()` mixin, it takes a size name (`smaller`, `small`, `regular`, `large`. `larger`) and returns a font-size declaration in em units. This allows having a consistent set of font sizes we use across blocks and using em means they are accessible and fit better in different themes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Font sizes must be defined using the `font-size()` mixin, it takes a named size (`smaller`, `small`, `regular`, `large`. `larger`) and returns a font-size declaration in `em` units. This provides a consistent set of font sizes to be used across blocks, and by using `em` it increases the likelihood that blocks are accessible and fit better within different themes.
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion. Merged! :+1:
